Quantitative and qualitative data each have
their place in product development and the cycle of product design.
Quantitative user data, which is most of the data we've discussed in previous lessons,
provides product managers with great information
about how customers are using a feature or product.
Quantitative data is the most powerful at telling you what a user will do or has done,
but it doesn't let you know why.
Qualitative data allows product managers to
better understand what motivates their customers.
Together, qualitative and quantitative data provide
powerful guidance that can guide an iterative cycle of product improvement.